496 custom column chart tooltip (#497)
infor-design/enterprise-ng: docs/CHANGELOG.md

### 5.4.0 Features

- `[Personalize]` - Changed soho-personalize directive to include theme and personalization color information. `PWP` ([#493](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise-ng/pull/493))

> - `[Column Chart]` - Added custom or standard tooltip to inputs. `PWP` ([#496](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise-ng/issues/496))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[Column Chart]` - Added the ability to use both dynamic or simple string based tooltips. `PWP` ([#496](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise-ng/issues/496))
```
